(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
HANK: Your mother convinced me...
to let her join me on my missions.
Daddy and I have
a last-minute business trip.
I don't want you to go.
HANK: They called her the Wasp.
Oh, my God.
They've already launched.
JANET: We have to stop it.
HANK: She was born to it.
(INHALES) And there's not a day
that goes by...
that I don't regret having said yes.
-JANET: Tell Hope I love her.
-HANK: Janet. No!
HANK: She went subatomic
to deactivate the bomb.
Your mother saved thousands of lives
that day
knowing she'd be lost
in the quantum realm... forever.
Forty years ago, I created a formula
that altered atomic relative distance.
-What does that mean?
-(WHIRRING)
I learned how to change
the distance between atoms.
The Pym Particle is the most revolutionary
science ever developed.
Help us put it to good use.
But it was too dangerous.
So I hid it from the world.
If only you'd protected Janet
with such ferocity, Dr. Pym.
As long as I am alive...
nobody will ever get that formula.
AUTOMATED VOICE: The Yellowjacket.
Oh, no.
I took on a young protégé
called Darren Cross.
He became obsessed
with recreating my formula.
But I wouldn't help him.
DARREN: You tried to hide
your technology from me.
And now it's gonna blow up in your face.
Darren, don't do this.
Hank, I'm a thief.
I'm a good thief, but this is insane.
(HANK GRUNTING)
HANK: When Scott went
to the quantum realm...
and came back...
I started to wonder...
could your mother still be alive?
It's a tunnel. To the quantum realm.
You built all this
and you don't even know if she's alive?
HANK: Last night, we powered up
the tunnel for the first time.
HOPE: And five minutes later, you called.
(GASPS)
We think she might have put
some kind of a message in your head.
Hopefully, a location.
And opening the tunnel triggered it.
Your mom put a message in my head?
Come on. That's insane.
-What are you doing?
-Get away from that!
-Scott, you can't...
-I'm sorry,
I don't have much time.
I need to fix the algorithm.
Janet?
SCOTT: You have to meet me
at these exact coordinates.
You have two hours. After that,
the probability fields will shift
and it'll be another century
before they align like this again.
I'm coming to you, honey.
Time and space
work very differently down here.
AUTOMATED VOICE: Warning,
approaching quantum void.
It's very dangerous,
especially on the human mind.
(SCREAMING)
You look lost, Hank. Are you all right?
(HANK GASPING)
It's me.